psf-new-code-of-conduct.md, before:

# Code of Conduct

The Python community is made up of members from around the globe with a diverse set of skills, personalities, and experiences. It is through these differences that our community experiences great successes and continued growth. When you're working with members of the community, this Code of Conduct will help steer your interactions and keep Python a positive, successful, and growing community.

## Our Standards

The Python community is dedicated to providing a positive experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, or religion (or lack thereof), education, or socio-economic status.

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:

 * **Being open.** Members of the community are open to collaboration, whether it's on PEPs, patches, problems, or otherwise.
 * **Focusing on what is best for the community.** We're respectful of the processes set forth in the community, and we work within them.
 * **Acknowledging time and effort.** We're respectful of the volunteer efforts that permeate the Python community. We're thoughtful when addressing the efforts of others, keeping in mind that often times the labor was completed simply for the good of the community.
 * **Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences.** We're receptive to constructive comments and criticism, as the experiences and skill sets of other members contribute to the whole of our efforts.
 * **Showing empathy towards other community members.** We're attentive in our communications, whether in person or online, and we're tactful when approaching differing views.
 * **Being considerate.** Members of the community are considerate of their peers -- other Python users.
 * **Being respectful.** We're respectful of others, their positions, their skills, their commitments, and their efforts.
 * **Gracefully accepting constructive criticism.** When we disagree, we are courteous in raising our issues.
 * **Using welcoming and inclusive language.** We're accepting of all who wish to take part in our activities, fostering an environment where anyone can participate and everyone can make a difference.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

 * Harassment of conference participants in any form
 * Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
 * Logging or taking screenshots of online activity for harassment purposes
 * Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
 * Violent threats or language directed against another person
 * Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm
 * Creating additional online accounts in order to harass another person or circumvent a ban
 * Sexual language and imagery in online communities or in any conference venue, including talks
 * Insults or put downs
 * Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary jokes
 * Excessive swearing
 * Unwelcome sexual attention or advances
 * Unwelcome physical contact, including simulated physical contact (eg, textual descriptions like "hug" or "backrub") without consent or after a request to stop
 * Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others
 * Sustained disruption of online community discussions, in-person presentations, or other in-person events
 * Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease
 * Other conduct that is inappropriate for a professional audience including people of many different backgrounds

Community members asked to stop any inappropriate behavior are expected to comply immediately.

The Python community prioritizes marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort. The Python Code of Conduct team will not act on complaints regarding:

 * "Reverse"-isms, including "reverse racism," "reverse sexism," and "cisphobia"
 * Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you."
 * Criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behavior or assumptions
 * Communicating boundaries or criticizing oppressive behavior in a "tone" you don't find congenial

The examples listed above are not against the Code of Conduct.

[WEAPONS POLICY]

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the Python community Code of Conduct team may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the community and community events with no refund of event tickets.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly community for everyone.

## Scope

### PSF Events

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people at official Python Software Foundation events:

 * staff
 * Python Software Foundation board members
 * speakers
 * panelists
 * tutorial or workshop leaders
 * poster presenters
 * people invited to meetings or summits
 * exhibitors
 * organizers
 * volunteers
 * all attendees

The Code of Conduct applies in official venue event spaces, including:

  * exhibit hall or vendor tabling area
  * panel and presentation rooms
  * hackathon or sprint rooms
  * tutorial or workshop rooms
  * poster session rooms
  * summit or meeting rooms
  * staff areas
  * con suite
  * meal areas
  * party suites
  * walkways, hallways, elevators, and stairs that connect any of the above spaces

The Code of Conduct applies to interactions with official event accounts on social media spaces and phone applications, including:

  * comments made on official conference phone apps
  * comments made on event video hosting services
  * comments made on the official event hashtag or panel hashtags

Event organizers will enforce this code throughout the event. Event organizers may inform the Python Code of Conduct team of incident reports and resolutions.

[FIXME: Policy question: should PSF event organizers be required to inform the Python Code of Conduct of all reports and their resolutions? Or only ones that are still open or where a person has a behavioral modification plan that applies to multiple Python spaces?]

### PSF Online Spaces

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people online spaces:

 * The [python-ideas](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-ideas), [core-mentorship](https://mail.python.org/mm3/mailman3/lists/core-mentorship.python.org/), [python-dev](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-dev), [docs](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/docs) mailing lists
 * All other [mailing lists hosted on python.org](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo)
 * Python Software Foundation Zulip chat server [FIXME: Do you want to link to that or keep the URL private?]
 * Python Software Foundation hosted Discourse server [discuss.python.org](https://discuss.python.org/)
 * Code repositories, issue trackers, and pull requests made against the [Python GitHub organization](https://github.com/python/)
 * The python.org mercurial server [hg.python.org](https://hg.python.org/)

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people in official Python Software Foundation online spaces:

 * admins of the online space
 * maintainers
 * reviewers
 * contributors
 * all community members

## Contact Information

If you believe that someone is violating the code of conduct, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the Python community Code of Conduct team immediately.

[CONTACT INFORMATION]

Python event organizers will be happy to help community event participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist any attendee to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.

## Procedure for Handling Incidents

[REPORTER PROCEDURES]

[ENFORCEMENT PROCEDURES] 

## License

This Code of Conduct is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by/3.0/).

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from [ORIGINAL CODE OF CONDUCT AND ITS LICENSE]

Additional language was added by Sage Sharp of [Otter Tech](https://otter.technology/code-of-conduct-training/). Language was incorporated from the following Codes of Conduct:

 * The [LGBTQ in Tech Slack Code of Conduct](https://lgbtq.technology/coc.html), which is licensed under a [Creative Commons Zero License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).

Commit message:

Add weapons policy for Python community events.
This weapons policy comes from the Affect Conf Code of Conduct:

https://affectconf.com/coc/

That is licensed CC-BY-SA 3.0, which means this document must be
licensed under the same license.

psf-new-code-of-conduct.md, after:

# Code of Conduct

The Python community is made up of members from around the globe with a diverse set of skills, personalities, and experiences. It is through these differences that our community experiences great successes and continued growth. When you're working with members of the community, this Code of Conduct will help steer your interactions and keep Python a positive, successful, and growing community.

## Our Standards

The Python community is dedicated to providing a positive experience for everyone, regardless of age, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, disability, physical appearance, body size, ethnicity, nationality, race, or religion (or lack thereof), education, or socio-economic status.

Examples of behavior that contributes to creating a positive environment include:

 * **Being open.** Members of the community are open to collaboration, whether it's on PEPs, patches, problems, or otherwise.
 * **Focusing on what is best for the community.** We're respectful of the processes set forth in the community, and we work within them.
 * **Acknowledging time and effort.** We're respectful of the volunteer efforts that permeate the Python community. We're thoughtful when addressing the efforts of others, keeping in mind that often times the labor was completed simply for the good of the community.
 * **Being respectful of differing viewpoints and experiences.** We're receptive to constructive comments and criticism, as the experiences and skill sets of other members contribute to the whole of our efforts.
 * **Showing empathy towards other community members.** We're attentive in our communications, whether in person or online, and we're tactful when approaching differing views.
 * **Being considerate.** Members of the community are considerate of their peers -- other Python users.
 * **Being respectful.** We're respectful of others, their positions, their skills, their commitments, and their efforts.
 * **Gracefully accepting constructive criticism.** When we disagree, we are courteous in raising our issues.
 * **Using welcoming and inclusive language.** We're accepting of all who wish to take part in our activities, fostering an environment where anyone can participate and everyone can make a difference.

Examples of unacceptable behavior by participants include:

 * Harassment of conference participants in any form
 * Deliberate intimidation, stalking, or following
 * Logging or taking screenshots of online activity for harassment purposes
 * Publishing others' private information, such as a physical or electronic address, without explicit permission
 * Violent threats or language directed against another person
 * Incitement of violence towards any individual, including encouraging a person to commit suicide or to engage in self-harm
 * Creating additional online accounts in order to harass another person or circumvent a ban
 * Sexual language and imagery in online communities or in any conference venue, including talks
 * Insults or put downs
 * Sexist, racist, homophobic, transphobic, ableist, or exclusionary jokes
 * Excessive swearing
 * Unwelcome sexual attention or advances
 * Unwelcome physical contact, including simulated physical contact (eg, textual descriptions like "hug" or "backrub") without consent or after a request to stop
 * Pattern of inappropriate social contact, such as requesting/assuming inappropriate levels of intimacy with others
 * Sustained disruption of online community discussions, in-person presentations, or other in-person events
 * Continued one-on-one communication after requests to cease
 * Other conduct that is inappropriate for a professional audience including people of many different backgrounds

Community members asked to stop any inappropriate behavior are expected to comply immediately.

The Python community prioritizes marginalized people's safety over privileged people's comfort. The Python Code of Conduct team will not act on complaints regarding:

 * "Reverse"-isms, including "reverse racism," "reverse sexism," and "cisphobia"
 * Reasonable communication of boundaries, such as "leave me alone," "go away," or "I'm not discussing this with you."
 * Criticizing racist, sexist, cissexist, or otherwise oppressive behavior or assumptions
 * Communicating boundaries or criticizing oppressive behavior in a "tone" you don't find congenial

The examples listed above are not against the Code of Conduct.

No weapons are allowed at Python community events covered by this Code of Conduct. Weapons include but are not limited to explosives (including fireworks), guns, and large knives such as those used for hunting or display, as well as any other item used for the purpose of causing injury or harm to others. Anyone seen in possession of one of these items will be asked to leave immediately, and will only be allowed to return without the weapon.

If a participant engages in behavior that violates this code of conduct, the Python community Code of Conduct team may take any action they deem appropriate, including warning the offender or expulsion from the community and community events with no refund of event tickets.

Thank you for helping make this a welcoming, friendly community for everyone.

## Scope

### PSF Events

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people at official Python Software Foundation events:

 * staff
 * Python Software Foundation board members
 * speakers
 * panelists
 * tutorial or workshop leaders
 * poster presenters
 * people invited to meetings or summits
 * exhibitors
 * organizers
 * volunteers
 * all attendees

The Code of Conduct applies in official venue event spaces, including:

  * exhibit hall or vendor tabling area
  * panel and presentation rooms
  * hackathon or sprint rooms
  * tutorial or workshop rooms
  * poster session rooms
  * summit or meeting rooms
  * staff areas
  * con suite
  * meal areas
  * party suites
  * walkways, hallways, elevators, and stairs that connect any of the above spaces

The Code of Conduct applies to interactions with official event accounts on social media spaces and phone applications, including:

  * comments made on official conference phone apps
  * comments made on event video hosting services
  * comments made on the official event hashtag or panel hashtags

Event organizers will enforce this code throughout the event. Event organizers may inform the Python Code of Conduct team of incident reports and resolutions.

[FIXME: Policy question: should PSF event organizers be required to inform the Python Code of Conduct of all reports and their resolutions? Or only ones that are still open or where a person has a behavioral modification plan that applies to multiple Python spaces?]

### PSF Online Spaces

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people online spaces:

 * The [python-ideas](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-ideas), [core-mentorship](https://mail.python.org/mm3/mailman3/lists/core-mentorship.python.org/), [python-dev](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/python-dev), [docs](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo/docs) mailing lists
 * All other [mailing lists hosted on python.org](https://mail.python.org/mailman/listinfo)
 * Python Software Foundation Zulip chat server [FIXME: Do you want to link to that or keep the URL private?]
 * Python Software Foundation hosted Discourse server [discuss.python.org](https://discuss.python.org/)
 * Code repositories, issue trackers, and pull requests made against the [Python GitHub organization](https://github.com/python/)
 * The python.org mercurial server [hg.python.org](https://hg.python.org/)

This Code of Conduct applies to the following people in official Python Software Foundation online spaces:

 * admins of the online space
 * maintainers
 * reviewers
 * contributors
 * all community members

## Contact Information

If you believe that someone is violating the code of conduct, or have any other concerns, please contact a member of the Python community Code of Conduct team immediately.

[CONTACT INFORMATION]

Python event organizers will be happy to help community event participants contact hotel/venue security or local law enforcement, provide escorts, or otherwise assist any attendee to feel safe for the duration of the event. We value your attendance.

## Procedure for Handling Incidents

[REPORTER PROCEDURES]

[ENFORCEMENT PROCEDURES] 

## License

This Code of Conduct is licensed under the [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/).

This Code of Conduct was forked from the example policy from [ORIGINAL CODE OF CONDUCT AND ITS LICENSE]

Additional language was added by Sage Sharp of [Otter Tech](https://otter.technology/code-of-conduct-training/). Language was incorporated from the following Codes of Conduct:

 *  [Affect Conf Code of Conduct](https://affectconf.com/coc/) (licensed under a [Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 3.0 Unported License](http://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/3.0/)).
 * The [LGBTQ in Tech Slack Code of Conduct](https://lgbtq.technology/coc.html), which is licensed under a [Creative Commons Zero License](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/).
